what is it like to attend a Toast
Masters meeting in Japan I recently had
the chance to attend the shin Osaka
leaders Toast Masters Club in Osaka and
it was an incredible experience in this
video I share a few clips from along my
journey I talked to some of the officers
who are part of the club executive at
the shinos Saka leaders Toast Masters
Club and I even show my table topics
answer that earned me the prize of best
table topics answer for that meeting
you're going to catch all of that in
this video so make sure you watch all
the way through first off why was I in
Japan I was in Japan for a 3- week trip
with a few of my closest friends and
let's talk about Osaka Osaka is this
beautiful city which was one of my
favorite places that we visited on the
trip it's known for its food it's known
for its drinks it's known for its night
life a lot of people described Osaka to
me as sort of like a Blue Collar city
and I'm sure that's an
overgeneralization and that there's a
lot of White Collar professionals there
as well but I found the people to be so
friendly so kind everyone I interacted
with was great had a lot of incredible
conversations during my stay there and
so it was a cool spot to be able to
attend a Toast Masters club meeting the
shin oaka leader Toast Masters Club
meets every 1 3D and fifth Tuesday of
every month and they meet at CoCo Plaza
which is near the shin Osaka station
it's less than a 10-minute walk from
that station very easy to navigate and a
shout out to the club lehani who looks
after VP of memberships she had sent me
all sorts of information prior to the
meeting which made it very easy to
navigate to find the building and to be
prepared coming into this Toastmasters
meeting and that was handy because I
actually wasn't staying in Osaka at the
time shortly after this meeting I went
to Osaka and stayed there for a few days
but at the time of the actual meeting I
was in Kyoto thankfully Kyoto is a short
train ride away it only took me about
half an hour to get there so I was
easily able to attend the meeting and
then get back to Kyoto that same
evening but it makes it very easy for
people to take that train right to
shinos Saka station and then a short
walk to Coco Plaza and I want to share
this Quick Clip with you along my travel
so I got to shinos Saka station I was
early I made sure I knew how to get to
Coco Plaza and then I shot this video
just outside of Coco Plaza I made it to
Osaka and I am here outside of the Coco
Plaza and this is where the shin oaka
Toast Masters Club meeting is about to
take place in roughly half an hour I'm a
little bit early but looking forward to
taking in a new meeting it's one of the
coolest things is going to different
countries different places even within
your own City if you have the option and
experiencing various Toast Masters clubs
so I'm excited I don't anticipate I'll
be doing a ton of speaking hopefully I
get a table topics question but other
than that really looking forward to
experiencing how this club goes about
their Toast Masters meeting ings and
what Toast Masters means to them so
shortly after I shot that video I went
to the actual meeting room and I was
blown away by how many of the club
members were already there they were
helping to set up the room they had
given me a name tag so I had a little
tent card in a spot where I was expected
to sit and everyone I spoke to I
introduced myself they were so friendly
so welcoming they were interested in my
Toast Masters Club and Canada wanted to
learn more about me and there was about
four other guests that meeting so it was
cool to see a club that is doing such a
good job bringing in new faces new
guests and I was hoping for a table
topics question and I did get one but it
was a tough question the question I
received at this meeting and all of the
questions were related to Mother's Day
the question I got is what is one thing
you would change about your mom and that
is tough to answer for anyone especially
me because I have the sweetest mom in
the world she is so kind she is so
caring so thoughtful I like to think the
good attributes I have of being a kind
and patient person definitely are a
product of my mom and her upbringing the
way she brought me up so that is a tough
question to answer but thankfully I have
a little story and I or I should say I
have a little story prepared in the back
of my mind and this question teed into
it nicely so this is a story I have told
before but I'll let you watch this was
my answer to that TBL topics
question thank you for the question
fellow Toast Masters all of our guests
if I could change one thing about my
mother I would increase her knowledge
when it comes to technology
[Music]
she is frightened of Technology hands in
the air if you're familiar with MSN
Messenger MSN Messenger okay few people
it was an instant
messaging platform and when I went off
to college I tried to convince my mom to
sign up to MSN Messenger because I
thought it would be a quick way for us
to communicate back and forth rather
than email and she was reluctant she
didn't want to sign up for MSN but
finally she caved she she created an
account and then I went off to college
and I never never saw my mom on MSN
Messenger for months and then finally
one day she logged in and I knew it was
her because she was the only one without
a profile photo she just had that
default MSN Messenger icon and I typed
her a message I said hey Mom and I
waited for a while and it said Wendy is
typing and then that disappeared and
then my mom responded Wade is that
you and I said yeah Mom it's me how are
you doing and she said wait if that's
you how many brothers and sisters do you
have what are their first names she
asked me a security question before we
could have this MSN Messenger
conversation and I thought about
throwing her a fake answer but I thought
no then she'll never use technology so I
said Mom I have a brother named Wes I
have a sister named shaa and she said
well what town did you grow up in she
gave me two security questions so I
answered the question and then she said
okay we can talk
now my mom is one of the sweetest people
in the world she's taught me patience
she's taught me kindness she taught me
the importance of listening rather than
talking
more but she could use a little
Improvement when it comes to technology
thank you for the
question the club was gracious enough to
give me the best table topics award for
that question maybe they were being
generous because I was a guest I don't
know but I want to say what really
impressed me about this club and so many
clubs around the world maybe you're in
one of these Toast Masters Club
situations where at the Toast Masters
Club you speak English however most of
the club members that is not their first
language so that is the majority of the
situation at shinos Saka leaders Toast
Masters Club most of these people if not
all of them English is not their first
language it's Japanese there was also
somebody who is from the Philippines
there's a variety of other countries but
English is not the primary language of
these people and if you think about how
difficult it is when we stand up in
front of a crowd and we deliver a speech
Even in our primary language that is so
tough we're getting nervous we're
worried about what people are going to
think we're trying to remember all of
the fundamentals about what contributes
to a really great speech let
alone can you imagine if you were doing
that in a language that is not your
primary language but for so many people
out there in Toast Masters clubs across
the world maybe even you watching that
is your situation your primary language
is not what you necessarily always
deliver a speech with maybe you're doing
it in a secondary language or even a
third or a fourth language that you know
hats off to you that is incredible I
can't imagine how difficult that must be
how much added pressure that you must
have and for all of the members members
of the shin oaka leaders Toast Masters
Club I I applaud you because that is an
incredible thing to be able to take on
to be able to be brave enough to speak
English and speak in front of crowds
such an impressive skill set that you're
all working on so that was the thing I
was most Blown Away by at this meeting
after the meeting was done I had the
chance to interview a few of the club
officers starting with the president
Maro so I asked her a few questions
you're going to hear some background
noise my apologies for that I will add
subtitles to this as well but here is my
conversation with Maro all right hey
everyone Wade here and I just attended
the shin Osaka leaders Toast Masters
club meeting I'm with Club president
Maro Maro tell me a little bit about
what is your goal what is your role as
Club president what are you trying to
accomplish oh so I've been a president
for last how many months since last July
so my term is
finishing but uh so my role is to
oversee the all the officers are doing
great job and then to well my role is
provide a um good platform that for
members that so that they can well they
can accomplish their goals and then they
have speaking
opportunities and
why am I here why why did you join to
Masters in the first place first place
um I W I was very nervous speaking in
public and then I was a really bad
experience of speaking in public and
facing to the audience I got nervous and
my voice trembled and I wanted to
overcome that well you've done an
incredible job I mentioned this earlier
in the video the the level of speakers
here is incredible one last question for
you what advice would you give to the
next president so you said you're coming
to the end of your term from all of the
experience you gained what is one piece
of advice you give to an incoming
president well this club as you have
seen there
various kinds of people but everyone is
really um highly motivated so I say I
think what the next president what I
want the next president to do is to uh
respect what they want to achieve and
leave the team is great well said thank
you so much bico and if you are in the
Osaka area make sure you check out this
club the shin oaka leaders Toast Masters
Club it'll be worth your while next I
spoke to lehan who is the VP of
membership's the VP of membership Lan
how long have you been with the CH Osaka
leaders Toast Masters Club yes I've been
a member for one year now but I was a
young Toast Master when I was 16 and
that uh was that was in my heart for a
long time and now I'm a member and an
officer yes and I'm very happy so VP of
membership what's your goal what what
are you trying to accomplish through
that role yes is to maintain a number
like 22 around 23 24 and then especially
maintain the warms in the club and
together we can learn and reach our
goals and finally I spoke with Maho who
is the VP of Education as VP of
Education what is your role what is your
biggest goal that you're trying to
accomplish well I usually ask all the
members encourage them to aim the goal
so like if they like looking for the
speak sign many speeches and also if
they if they interested in communication
skills assign and otheres so there you
have it if you are in the Osaka region
and you're looking to join a great Toast
Masters Club check out the shin Osaka
leaders Toast Masters Club or if you're
visiting Japan and you want to visit a
Toast Masters Club this is is one I
would highly recommend the entire Club
all of the members are so welcoming and
talented they are great speakers and I
think you'll benefit greatly from
exploring this club thanks so much for
taking the time to watch this video I'll
catch you on the next one